Proper JSON handling for :=/:=@ (#1213)
httpie/httpie: docs/README.md

}
```

> Be aware that when using this syntax with form data (`--form` is activated);
> only strings, numbers and floats are enabled. Rest of the JSON types are not
> available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `:=` syntax is JSON-specific. You can switch your request to `--form` or `--multipart`, 
and string, float, and number values will continue to be serialized (as string form values). 
Other JSON types, however, are not allowed with `--form` or `--multipart`.

```
